that good
the girl will not be what events
we are here in the north and I a regal and
it gave a shine
basically on page 6
here
it's very simple there are two things that I'm going to
do and that will explain in this
videoblog the first one is that good
thanks to everyone
of entry for the daughter of valencia and
so it will be a pass which I think
it's for the draw
the link where we are going to attend
We are going to be
two
clearly participate in a person then
you have below a code that is a code
discount is worth the one I say
discount apart from making a discount
of the entry for the android hack
valencia so do not see the possibility of
enter the zone of these of all cakes
I supposed in the party I like well
you know they serve with the equipment of huber
gaming this torico
obviously we participate in our
team and good then thanks to all
it can be a plug for me
the description in the draw
and you already know that you are not going to have a
discount against so you can say
yes